# My Research

My academic goal is that knowledge is the central concept of learning because it creates a flow to capture various skills, such as doing an assignment; time management is critical. Or combine all your notes into a file to organize what to study for an exam. The article discusses students' concentration in a classroom structure from their motivations and objectives. Their two prior approaches are developing and conducting, which means demonstrating to others that you are improving and can learn from feedback. Similar to learning and working as you perform what you have comprehended, for example, presentation projects are to create what your teacher taught you and demonstrate to the class that you have listened throughout the course, taking the two goals together by establishing an academic education. In other words, conducting is a task to achieve high expectations of what you want, such as doing an essay by wanting an A plus. Developing is doing the steps before the report. 

In contrast to knowledge and improvement, as you gain information through lectures, your brain can remember some parts of what you learn in class—creating notes to remember for later, for example, fixing your notes as you rushed through them because the professor was talking fast. The article discusses academic goals that are combined from the student's perspectives that focus on gaining knowledge and striving to improve. Hence, the two goals in the difference in knowledge are more of a fast process, while improving is changing and understanding what you learn.

Bardach, L., Daumiller, M., & Lüftenegger, M. (2023). Multiple Social and Academic Achievement Goals: Students' Goal Profiles and Their Linkages. *The Journal of Experimental Education, 91*(4), 655-675. https://doi.org/10.1080/00220973.2022.2081959.
